hey! first post here

its satty june 27 its satty may 27,
and we're celrbrsting celebrating 
Colin's life and his mom's life in 
my friend group and family.

i guess this post will have stuff
about like, Colin primarily, cause
what I've learned about life so much
over the past several days is that
ppl tend to use people, and it's nice
if we can appreciate the person
instead of like, looking beyond them
to see the metaphysical, social, 
cultural whatever context in which
they're situated.

this should not really be that hard
to do bc Colin's legiterally my best
friend. i think the really hard part
is just learningv some stuff really
wuick. so much of about mh my life so
far has been about the dxpectation

that I be a good friend by showing
fealty to promises I may made back
when I was 13. let's focus on 27
DiSarthairne, Chèitean 2566 EB- may
27, 2023. No way I gotta forget that

say it six times to remember

disarthirne morning's been good 

just kind of mourning w/ Col 2day
sad day, or depending how you 
secthe workd happy

been listenin to one if of Col' fac 
col's fav songz from s good fune a good time
we had 2gether. experiencing net neutrality
rught right now -- it's been cool

ainm méanscoil Tanner méanscoilSSDM
Jeff Teat -- Atlas foireann SSDN
Trevor Baptiste -- Atlas foireann SSM.

dhéanamh meanscoil no dheanamh

imreoir tanner imreoir colin
claraiach a steach agus dheanamh bliain 

abercrombie weirdly has thid sad song playing
called 1999 by carlie rae jepsem --?i tried to 
dicumrnt  document the awkward trandition from
classic A&F to the new Gen Z friendly version

furst job i applied to after college 
was abercrombie. itscinteresting how
thats durned iut out

rn my top three fav brands are -- clidel cki

wells fargo, col's startup, and A&F

Tried to document as much material culture
from the change to post-sex Abercrombie as possible

this days just about cekebrating a life and celebrsting
my and colin's lives too. so far pretty decent.

rawr hope weather's rad for all you readers and sammy

planned out netflix budgetinvvw/ w/ neldon and 
yhat that was cool. cool how we've tried out
spring sprint and netic netfkix together

one stuff im gonna do for fun today ix is explore
the city, see the sights. feoriann colin disartharsibe 
ainm hmm idk. feoriann disartharaine tanner ainm atlas
agus ainm bruins.

i guess mid-day what remembring this life means to me is
still thinking about Col. i get hiw it feels to be a symbol
or to feel lie like a symbol. todays deffy
about celebrating him and ithers others

some of col's ideas are well of pf them are cool but i mean
judt just some of his like ideas are gonna interact
interestingly w/ like if he meets another personn from my
HS. we talked about how he would or
would not like to come visit Maryland
idk i wish i had been avle to give him
a better report lol apparently youre supposed to speak
glowingly about your state. ppl here rly
di nit bot like b do not like boston
, and I dont get it. i like boston 

i'm getting hungry, so i might start thinking
about lunch idk. i won the lottery today for real.

so stoked to finish paying mh idaho state raxes off
this week. it's one if of ghe higgest stuff ive acconplished.

then rhody soon

had a fun discush about punk rock with
a couple at the ramen rstsurant recentky. 
if wa it was my furst furst tund rky having the 
it was m y girst furdf furst tike rly having
wasabi and ginger with anything. i could still
taste it the next morning

sometimes i forget colin's older he is ghough -- 

i get along with like, every birtb year excepg mine lol

